README.md, before:

wikitree-javascript-sdk
=======================

Javascript library to work with the WikiTree API functions.

## Prerequisites
* jQuery 1.10 or higher (may work with lower versions)
* jQuery Cookie Plugin 1.3.1 or later (https://github.com/carhartl/jquery-cookie)

## Usage

````javascript

// Load scripts
<script src="//ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.10.2/jquery.min.js"></script>
<script src="jquery.cookie.js"></script>
<script src="wikitree.js"></script>

<script type="text/javascript">

	wikitree.init({});
	wikitree.session.checkLogin().then(function(data){ ... });

	wikitree.session.log( { email: 'xxx', password: 'yyyy' }).then(function(data) {
	});

	var p = new wikitree.Person( { user_id: #### } );
	p.load({}).then(function(data){ 
	});

</script>

## Example

The documentation here is incomplete as the SDK (and the API itself) are all in early development.
The index.html file has a decent example of usage. 

A hosted version is at: http://apps.wikitree.com/apps/casey1/wikitree-javascript-sdk/


````

Commit message:

Note this repo is obsolete.

README.md, after:

wikitree-javascript-sdk
=======================



# This library is obsolete. Better examples of working with the WikiTree API can be found in https://github.com/wikitree/wikitree-api.


Javascript library to work with the WikiTree API functions.

## Prerequisites
* jQuery 1.10 or higher (may work with lower versions)
* jQuery Cookie Plugin 1.3.1 or later (https://github.com/carhartl/jquery-cookie)

## Usage

````javascript

// Load scripts
<script src="//ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.10.2/jquery.min.js"></script>
<script src="jquery.cookie.js"></script>
<script src="wikitree.js"></script>

<script type="text/javascript">

	wikitree.init({});
	wikitree.session.checkLogin().then(function(data){ ... });

	wikitree.session.log( { email: 'xxx', password: 'yyyy' }).then(function(data) {
	});

	var p = new wikitree.Person( { user_id: #### } );
	p.load({}).then(function(data){ 
	});

</script>

## Example

The documentation here is incomplete as the SDK (and the API itself) are all in early development.
The index.html file has a decent example of usage. 

A hosted version is at: http://apps.wikitree.com/apps/casey1/wikitree-javascript-sdk/


````
